hello everyone and you had a bath today
I will tell you about the rink which
the first one is the only class here
which I arranged he hope deeply
he was the first and
Well, how would I hope I opened the series
those wonderful classes that will
pass so go my group
VKontakte there everything is there all announcements
Well, let's go well, dear friends, all
It began with the fact that we will have chic
commentator who told us
the statue prompted the runes very well
there is exactly voiced very well and
starts with what's on our shadow
done so widely
Well, that is what the situation is like
ordinary
Well, squeeze 12 in a row 70, are we all
what is that not sick of ours they drag
here they begin no we do our
first walk
and of course I have further
continues 112 but still can not and
can not copy something to do here
Our commentator we have suggest that
what about our statistics here all the same
dear friends, I wanted to tell you
And here it is completely just a topic
on this is our command of this nose and
lasts 112 if guys are so
the battle goes on already the hole they're about
Lamole date 2 items
Well , we agreed from my team that
you all collect midas somehow advantage
on the head is not very pleased pleased
our scar is now high life
connected with him he was going and
midas armlet all right
fees for some reason he made up for agility
I did not understand we had a very good
sniper who perry last he tell
just everyone but it did not help him
in fact, that is, I say something
all the same in the end all the same you
see what a very strong peak we have
all the same
my friend who is now on scales
conference watched the game
can you say something so while there is
gorgeous yes i can say a little
At the beginning of the game, of course, I thought that
now it's already some when I
I saw this bill, but the ambassador watched it
look at the end
and then I saw a great look at
count faith kuskar please here too
and so oh press any facet bad here you are
you see dear friends what after
lenchik 24 minutes in principle for
medals very well i started collecting
Ngo's apples
passenger climbs tanks just nothing
not afraid of the guy and yuzat arm fly and then
you are good all the same all the same and beat
I 'm looking for vadim just for everything
and here's the truth is that I don’t
pleased it blue in our team he
but he played well the essence of his role that
he did in general and you will survive
finally mixes that are just already
for deciding because our faces like a piece
we did he say you played by
ruler soon because here is xusar
started at first very well initiate
and then thanks to him
they first came off very hard by
pigeons on ekspe well thanks later
our vidos we perefarmit and them
levels by 10 and yet with this margin
although they had the first such gap Goldie
you still won in a pair
batches and then it was necessary not to stop
in fact the only problem here
one poke see just flies by
minus badly on telly effectively our
the problem is that we sometimes
diverged someone I went to kill roshan
and here we somehow could not do everything
still together but still then I
shouted a little commanded but a little
from kaishi put it mildly hands say yes
well and hug new here is our gorgeous
question flies through the form of fellow travelers like
smartly initiated I keep recalling
there well and that's basically
My account mkb more than they format
desolator it's kinda stupid
that 20 years in the team I knew that the wagon
will bring together and I am very thanks to our will
who ate t1 goods here and
right here because and she just you
Hodor passed here what else to tell
further we listened the game lasted about
53 minutes because our friends are still
went
just stood poking the enemies of the fountain
to fill me up as much as possible and
here are dear friends in the form of the final
by all is well, as if separated here
see what his Tim wanted them to take
we about pro castes but we had
midasa wagon of course with you will sell
do not look at her siders account
really really thats just pulled
I pulled off and pulled out all or even just
there is a fine fellow and a special thank you i would like
tell our commentator it was this
there was this dude bad bad to him huge
thank you this record was typed and us 1759
likes 808 we have that very
thank you so much for watching
subscribe to the channel with you was
Abalakova and dmx for now